README.md, before:

# Community Calendar Wordpress Plugin

The purpose of this plugin is to provide a straight-forward way of
displaying a calendar with public events. Users may submit events and have
them displayed in the calendar (after they have been revised and activated by
a page admin).


## Installation

1. Download or clone all the files from this repository into the plugins directory of your Wordpress
site (usually `wp-content/plugins/`). The directory must be named `community-calendar` (`git clone` will
create this directory for you).
```
cd <root_of_page>/wp-content/plugins
git clone https://github.com/joergrs/community-calendar.git
```
2. Activate the plugin in the the admin area of your page

## Usage

The plugin introduces its functionality using short codes:

* Show the calendar, starting today:

  `[community-calendar-table startToday=true/]`

  Use `startToday=false` to also display past events

* Display floating buttons that allow the user to submit an event and to scroll
 back to the current day

 `[community-calendar-buttons/]`


## Customization

In your CSS you may change the behavior and visual style of the elements.
Here are some examples:

### Background color of the event detail display and the event form
```css
.comcal-modal-wrapper {
    background-color: #222;
    color: #ccc;
}
```

### Floating button color
```css
.comcal-floating-button-container button {
    background-color: #337;
    color: white;
}
```

Commit message:

Allow for arbitrarily named calendars (issue #3)

README.md, after:

# Community Calendar Wordpress Plugin

The purpose of this plugin is to provide a straight-forward way of
displaying a calendar with public events. Users may submit events and have
them displayed in the calendar (after they have been revised and activated by
a page admin).

A main goal for this plugin is to be simple in configuration, simple to use,
and to have a clean and tidy presentation of the events.


## Installation

1. Download or clone all the files from this repository into the plugins directory of your Wordpress
site (usually `wp-content/plugins/`). The directory must be named `community-calendar` (`git clone` will
create this directory for you).
```
cd <root_of_page>/wp-content/plugins
git clone https://github.com/joergrs/community-calendar.git
```
2. Activate the plugin in the the admin area of your page

## Usage

The plugin introduces its functionality using short codes:

**Show the calendar, starting today:**

  `[community-calendar-table startToday=true name=Main]`

  * Use `startToday=false` to also display past events
  * `name=CalendarName` specifies a name for this calendar. Only events
    are shown that are added to this calendar. This allows to show
    different calendars on different pages.

**Display floating buttons that allow the user to submit an event and to scroll
 back to the current day**

 `[community-calendar-buttons]`


## Customization

In your CSS you may change the behavior and visual style of the elements.
Here are some examples:

### Background color of the event detail display and the event form
```css
.comcal-modal-wrapper {
    background-color: #222;
    color: #ccc;
}
```

### Floating button color
```css
.comcal-floating-button-container button {
    background-color: #337;
    color: white;
}
```

## Upgrading

**Important note**

If the plugin is upgraded to a new version that alters the database format,
in order for this to take effect, the plugin should be *deactivated* and
immediately *activated* again.
